Don't say you are a prince
Even the Lord of Kyushu
Standing here today is still the Zhao family
I face myself
Not bad, what a big breath you are
Even the Lord of Kyushu
Seeing the prince is also somewhat respectful
You say something so big
Are you afraid of growing a tongue?
The Lord speaks with every word
The Lord of Kyushu can't stop him when he comes
This woman is nice
Better than his shitty sister
I just can't see.
Can't tell the difference between big and small kings
That's right, the first prince is more noble than the main one of Kyushu
And you, no matter how good you are
It's just a god of war in the next country
Beautiful woman, come back with me
I can consider waiting until I go to destroy the Peerless Army
Forgive you hahaha
Destroy the Peerless Army
You really have a big breath
Even if the Lord of Kyushu fights
You ask him if he dares to say such a thing
Humph
I'm standing right here.
Do you dare to touch me?
If you dare to take respect from the eldest prince
That is true treason